D: Good morning. What brings you in today? P: Morning, doctor. I’ve been having
this really intense pain in the upper part of my belly.

D: Can you point to where it hurts the most? P: _points just below the
breastbone, slightly to the left_ Right here, and it kind of shoots straight
through to my back.

D: When did the pain start? P: Late last night, right after dinner. It’s been
pretty constant since then.

D: On a scale of 1 to 10, how bad is the pain right now? P: About an 8. It’s
sharp and deep—nothing like I’ve felt before.

D: Does anything make it better or worse? P: Leaning forward helps a tiny bit,
but lying flat makes it awful. Eating or even thinking about food makes it
spike.

D: Have you felt nauseated or vomited since the pain began? P: Yes—lots of
nausea. I threw up twice this morning, mostly bile, no blood.

D: Any fever or chills? P: I’ve felt feverish and sweaty, but I haven’t checked
my temperature.

D: Have you noticed your heart racing or any shortness of breath? P: My heart’s
been pounding, and I feel a bit short of breath when the pain gets really bad.

D: How is your appetite? P: Practically gone. The smell of food makes me queasy.

D: Any changes in your stool—color, consistency, or floating? P: They’ve been a
lighter tan lately and kind of greasy-looking.

D: Have you noticed your skin or the whites of your eyes turning yellow? P: My
partner mentioned my eyes looked a bit yellowish this morning in the bathroom
light.

D: Do you drink alcohol? If so, how much and how often? P: I usually have a few
beers on weekends, but two nights ago I went to a party and probably had six or
seven drinks.

D: Any history of gallstones or gallbladder issues? P: No, not that I know of.

D: Are you taking any new medications or herbal supplements? P: Just ibuprofen
occasionally for headaches. Nothing new recently.

D: Have you had similar pain in the past? P: Never this bad, but I had a milder
episode of upper-belly pain about six months ago. It went away on its own in a
couple of hours.

D: Have you recently had any abdominal injuries or procedures? P: No injuries. I
haven’t had any surgeries either.

D: Did you notice if the pain started after eating something high in fat, like a
heavy meal? P: Yeah, actually—we had fried chicken and cheesy potatoes last
night. I felt bloated right after, then the pain kicked in.

D: Are you experiencing any bloating or abdominal swelling? P: My abdomen feels
tight and distended—almost like it’s bloated.

D: Is the pain constant, or does it come and go? P: Mostly constant, but it
surges every now and then. Those surges are brutal.

D: Have you taken anything for the pain? P: Just two ibuprofen tablets around 5
a.m., but they didn’t touch it.

D: Thank you for answering all these questions. Let’s get you comfortable and
run some tests to understand what’s going on.
